# Overnight Check – 2025-10-02

## 1. Asia Session (00h–06h CET)
- **JPY** : This morrning we have seen low Yen during the Asia session.  
- **CNH** : We have seen a quite low Yuahn too this morrning. 
- **Asia Equities** : This morning Asia equities has takeen profit Nikkie +0.5, Hang Seng Index +1.37 and S&P BSE SENSEX Index +0.9.
- **Asia Commodities** : A low appreciation for the Gold ( +0.02% ) and a  appreciation too for the USOIL ( 0.48% ).

## 2. Macro Headlines (Overnight)
- Asian markets ( FX ) were moving in range during the Asian session.
- The US Shutdown has took effet wednesday ( yesterday ) at 6.01 AM ( GMT +2 ) in consequence US 2Y has fall.
- No surprising monetary policy news this morning.

## 3. Calendar Today ( GMT +2 )
- 11:00 AM – Unemployement Rate / EUR – Hight
- 7:00 AM – 	ECB's De Guindos Speaks / EUR – Moderate
- 10:30 PM – Fed's Balance Sheet / US – Moderate

## 4. Market Sentiment
- **DXY** : We have a low Risk Off this morning due to the US Shutdown, I preview a more important Risk Off for next days and a low USD. 
- **S&P Futures / VIX** : The VIX goes up just after the release of the US Shutdown and stabilyze, Fear Index at 52, S&P500 take profit yesterday and oppened in profit today ( ATH ).
- **Gold / Brent** : Gold +0.02% and USOIL +0.48%. 

## 5. FX Bias (Desk View)
- **USD** : Bearish, due to the US Shutdown.
- **EUR** : Quite bullish, because it will receved somes US capitals, we will wait for the unemployement Rate.
- **GBP** : Neutral to Bearish, because last UK data was badest than exepted. 
- **JPY** : Bullish, especially in front of USD due to the US Shutdown.
- **CHF** : Neutral/quite bullish, due to the possible Risk Off due to the US Shutdown.
- **CAD** : Bearish, due to the BoC position and vulnerability to the USD and there Shutdown.
- **AUD** : Quite Bullish, due to RBA's support but stay ready if the sentiment change and if new data release under the forecast. 
- **NZD** : Quite Bullish, the same logic as AUD. 

## 6. Scenarios
- I think if our resistance keep strong USD/JPOY can continue to fall. 
- We will look forward to the unemployment rate in the eurozone, this can be an important indicator.

---
*Filed at 06:04 AM*
