# Overnight Check – 2025-10-01

## 1. Asia Session (00h–06h CET)
- **JPY** : This morrning we have seen a a mixed yen with losses against the CHF and the EUR ( 0.04 and 0.02 ) and gains against AUD, CAD, GBP and USD ( -0.29, -0.1, -0.04 and -0.01 ). 
- **CNH** : We have a quite low CNH, +0.17% for USD/CNH and EUR/CNH. Today it's a national day in China so no important release today for China. 
- **Asia Equities** :Asia Equities take losses morning.  
- **Asia Commodities** : A low appreciation for the Gold ( +0.07% ) and a low appreciation too for the USOIL ( 0.15% too ).

## 2. Macro Headlines (Overnight)
- Asian markets were moving in range, anticipating a possible government shutdown in the United States.
- The US Shutdown has took effet at 6.01 AM ( GMT +2 ).
- No surprising monetary policy news this morning.

## 3. Calendar Today ( GMT +2 )
- 06:00 AM – US Shutdown / USD – Hight
- 11:00 AM – CPI / EUR – Hight
- 02:15 PM – 	ADP Nonfarm Employment Change (Sep) / US – Hight

## 4. Market Sentiment
- **DXY** : We have a low Risk Off this morning due to the US Shutdown, I preview a more important Risk Off for next days. 
- **S&P Futures / VIX** : The VIX goes up just after the release of the US Shutdown, S&P500 take losses too.
- **Gold / Brent** : Gold +0.07% and USOIL +0.15%. 

## 5. FX Bias (Desk View)
- **USD** : Bearish, due to the US Shutdown.
- **EUR** : Quite bullish, because it will receved somes US capitals.
- **GBP** : Neutral to Bearish, because last UK data was badest than exepted. 
- **JPY** : Bullish, especially in front of USD due to the US Shutdown.
- **CHF** : Neutral/quite bullish, due to the possible Risk Off due to the US Shutdown.
- **CAD** : Bearish, due to the BoC position and vulnerability to the USD and there Shutdown.
- **AUD** : Bullish, due to RBA's support but stay ready if the sentiment change. 
- **NZD** : Bullish, the same logic as AUD. 

## 6. Scenarios
- I think USD will fall at the EU open and US open especially in front of JPY and EUR. 
- If EUR CPI are higher than exepted it can caused a much more important move than exepted. 

---
*Filed at 06:20 AM*
