# Overnight Check – 2025-10-06

## 1. Asia Session (00h–06h CET)
- **JPY** : This morrning we have seen extremely low Yen during the Asia session USD/JPY + 1.36% and EUR/JPY + 1.53%.  
- **CNH** : We have seen mixed CNH, +0.1% on USD/JPY and -0.04% on EUR/CNH. 
- **Asia Equities** : Asian stocks take value this morning, + 4.51% on Nikkei Indice, Japanies Bond Yeild ( 40 years ) goes up. 
- **Asia Commodities** : An appreciation of Asian comodities, +1.64% on USOIL and +0.95% on gold.

## 2. Macro Headlines (Overnight)
- Asian markets ( FX ), are rising this morning.
- There was the victory of Sanae Takaichi, who became prime minister in Japan. The depreciation of the yen is due to the fact that its monetary position is ultra accommodating. 
- Anticipation of an ultra-dovish monetary policy by the market. 

## 3. Calendar Today ( GMT +2 )
- 7:00 PM – ECB President Lagarde Speaks / EUR – Hight
- 7:30 PM – BOE Gov Bailey Speaks / GBP – Hight
- XX:XX AM – No other important data / XX – XX

## 4. Market Sentiment
- **DXY** : We are at significant levels on the DXY with a bearish trend line break since March 2025 and we will arrive at a very important resistance zone. 
- **S&P Futures / VIX** : The Fear Index is on a mixed level, at 54 so close to the neutral level, the VIX continue to goest up lowly, S&P500 take profit before the end of the week and start on profit close to new ATH. 
- **Gold / Brent** : We have stonf comodities with +1.64% on USOIL and +0.95% on Gold. 

## 5. FX daily Bias (Desk View)
- **USD** : Neutral to slightly bullish, The dollar is suffering from the Fed’s expectations of a downturn, but remains a safe haven in uncertain times.
- **EUR** : slightly bullish, The euro is holding up well against the dollar in the context of USD weakness; supported by moderate EU inflation.
- **GBP** : Neutral, No strong catalyst; mainly depends on USD/UK data tensions.
- **JPY** : Neutral to Bearish, because we have a relative instability on the market but the market seems to have it partially already printed.
- **CHF** : Neutral to slightly bullish, The franc remains 'safe haven' in case of a reversal; but the USD/CHF could suffer if USD loses ground.
- **CAD** : slightly bullish, Sensitive to raw materials, takes advantage of the global context and the demand for resources.
- **AUD** : Relative bull, In risk-on mode, the commodities currencies benefit from a favorable global environment.
- **NZD** : Relative bull, thSame logic as for the AUD: sentiment favorable to 'risky/cycle' currencies

## 6. Scenarios
- we will listen with the greatest attention to tonight’s monetary policy critics ( EUR / GBP )
- These monetary policy advocates who intervene on Monday evening could have a real impact for the rest of the week and the balance of their currencies.
---
*Filed at 05:50 AM*
