# Overnight Check – 2025-10-03

## 1. Asia Session (00h–06h CET)
- **JPY** : This morrning we have seen low Yen during the Asia session USD/JPY +0.31% and EUR/JPY +0.36%.  
- **CNH** : We have seen a quite low Yuahn too this morrning, USD/CNH +0.07%. 
- **Asia Equities** : Asian stocks clock weekly gains on rate cut wagers
- **Asia Commodities** : A deprecetion of the Gold this morrning ( -0.40% ) and an appreciation for the USOIL ( +0.25% ).

## 2. Macro Headlines (Overnight)
- Asian markets ( FX ) were moving down during the Asian session, especially JPY.
- BOJ's Ueda warns of global uncertainty, keep markets guessing on next hike. 
-Gold set for seventh weekly rise on US rate-cut hopes, government shutdown.

## 3. Calendar Today ( GMT +2 )
- 11:40 AM – ECB President Lagarde Speaks / EUR – Hight
- 2:30 PM – 	Non-Farm Employment Change / US – Hight
- 2:30 PM – Average Hourly Earnings m/m / US – Hight

## 4. Market Sentiment
- **DXY** : We have seen a low Risk On this morning on the market and a depreciation of safe Haven Asset, esspecially Japanes Yen. 
- **S&P Futures / VIX** : The VIX continue to goes up just after the release of the US Shutdown, Fear Index at 51, S&P500 take profit yesterday and hit new ATH, he is close to do new ATH today too.
- **Gold / Brent** : This is the 7th consecutive week that Gold takes profits, Gold -0.40 and USOIL +0.25

## 5. FX Bias (Desk View)
- **USD** : neutral, depend of this afternoon datas.
- **EUR** : Quite bullish, because it will receved somes US capitals but we have to stay attentist to the new European data, especially on the labor market.
- **GBP** : Neutral to Bearish, because last UK data was badest than exepted. 
- **JPY** : Neutral to Bearish, because we have a relative instability on the market but the market seems to have it partially already printed.
- **CHF** : Neutral/quite bullish, due to the possible Risk Off due to the US Shutdown.
- **CAD** : Bearish, due to the BoC position and vulnerability to the USD and there Shutdown.
- **AUD** : Quite Bullish, due to RBA's support but stay ready if the sentiment change and if new data release under the forecast. 
- **NZD** : Quite Bullish, the same logic as AUD. 

## 6. Scenarios
- We will see if US labord market data will be posted or not this afternoon because if they aren't published due to the shutdown, USD may fall.
- If the labour market data are published we will have to take a particular attention to them especially on there impact on the market. 
---
*Filed at 05:53 AM*
