# Overnight Check – 2025-09-30

## 1. Asia Session (00h–06h CET)
- **JPY** : The morrning we had a strong JPY before 6AM ( GMT +2 ) but we had a reversal between 6 an 7 AM, USD/JPY -0.06% and AUD/JPY +0.37%.
- **CNH** : We have a quite low CNH, +0.05% for USD/CNH and EUR/CNH. Manifacturing PMI in line with expectations at 49.8 for China and non manifacturing PMI too at 50. 
- **Asia Equities** : A low apreciation for the Nikkei 225, +0.11%. No important news to drive the market today. 
- **Asia Commodities** : A big apreciation for the Gold, +0.8% on XAUUSD and -0.2% for the USOil.

## 2. Macro Headlines (Overnight)
- Asian markets were moving in range, anticipating a possible government shutdown in the United States.
- Hedge funds made their biggest weekly sell on emerging Asian stocks.
- No surprising monetary policy news this morning.

## 3. Calendar Today ( GMT +2 )
- 08:00 AM – GBP Growth / UK – Hight
- 02:00 PM – CPI / German ( EUR ) – Hight
- 04:00 PM – JOLTS report / US – Hight

## 4. Market Sentiment
- **DXY** : On a waiting phase due to the Jolts report this afternoon and globaly bearish due to the US instability. 
- **S&P Futures / VIX** : VIX at a low level but on a weak retracement probably due to instability in the United States so we have a low risk Off on the market today. 
- **Gold / Brent** : Gold +0.8% and USOIL -0.2% due to the US instability. 

## 5. FX Bias (Desk View)
- **USD** : Neural, so due to the US instability.
- **EUR** : Quite bullish, because it will receved somes US capitals.
- **GBP** : Neutral, to Bearish because last UK data was badest than exepted. 
- **JPY** : Bearish, low in front of USD and EUR. 
- **CHF** : Neutral, possible request for refuge according to stress.
- **CAD** : Bearish, due to the BoC position and vulnerable to the USD.
- **AUD** : Bearish, du to the global instability and the global risk sentiment. 
- **NZD** : Bearish, the same logic as AUD. 

## 6. Scenarios
- If If JOLTS are higher than exepted we could have a strong USD because it's a signal that the labor market is still strong
- If If German CPI are higher than exepted it's a stong message for the EUR and the ECB to maintain "high" rates. 

---
*Filed at 07:12 AM*
